[gentle music]
[insects chirping]
[dramatic music]
[Karl panting]
[somber music]
[baby crying]
[dog barking]
[baby continues crying]
[phone chiming]
Hmm.
You missed a bit.
You all right mate?
-[playful music]
-[baby crying]
[Man] Shut that baby up!
[Woman] For fuck's
sake, shut up!
-[Baby coninutes crying]
-[Dog barking]
Thanks, Mandy.
[sighing] Yeah, me and Jen,
we're heading back now.
We'll see you back
in the office.
[Karl sighing]
Nothing they can do till Monday.
They said they'll send somebody
over first thing, though.
Hey, it's out of our hands.
I don't envy them.
[Jenna] Hmm?
Child Services.
Yeah.
[Karl] It's a bit
close to the weekend
to be starting
another one, isn't it?
Oh, it's okay.
I'll drop you off on the way.
This is just one I
was worried about.
You don't need to come.
Like you said, it's
almost the weekend.
Fair enough.
Can we stop at a shop somewhere?
[somber music]
You want anything?
No.
Child lock.
[Radio News Host] The body
discovered late last month
has been identified as missing
school boy Tate Mathews.
Mathews was reported
missing last October.
Police have issued a statement
calling for anyone who
may have information.
[kids giggling]
[Karl] Bit early.
What?
Trick or treaters.
Oh, um, yeah.
You got any plans for tomorrow?
You got a big party to go to?
Nope.
Shame.
I could see you as
a witch. [laughing]
Thanks.
-Talking of a bit early.
-What?
Nothing.
Just 'cause you can't have one
without going off the deep end,
doesn't mean it's wrong
for the rest of us
to have a couple of quiet cans
after a day in the trenches.
I didn't say anything.
Yes, you did.
And I know that look as well.
I've been on the receiving
end of that one enough.
Besides, it's
nearly the weekend.
It's not like I'm
drinking on the job.
Yeah, like that's
never happened.
Oh, come on.
That's not the same.
What's wrong with
a pint at lunch?
It's not like you never
did...back in the day.
Well, I'm lucky to get a
lunch break these days, Karl.
Maybe you should try
and get out and enjoy
yourself a bit more.
I do, from time to time.
The last time you were out,
Michael Jackson was still black.
Well, he was alive at least.
So what's wrong
with your laptop?
You going old school?
It's an old case.
Yeah, what's the story
with this one then?
David Peirce.
Jesus Christ.
Just out of the nut
house for murder.
He lives in the
middle of nowhere.
[somber music]
What are doing going out
there last thing on a Friday?
He's been evaluated,
he's harmless.
Besides, he's not
answering his phone.
I'm worried something
might have happened to him.
Ha, you're worried
about him. [sighing]
Jesus, it was a little girl
he went down for murdering.
He was a kid himself, Karl.
It was a long time ago, people
change, you've seen that.
Aye, I have, rarely
for the better, though.
Did you ever think
that you might be
in the wrong line of work?
What do you mean?
It's good pay, nine
to five, pension?
I mean, don't you care about
the people we're helping?
Yeah, of course.
That kid back there,
I mean, the poor baby.
How could I not?
This is different.
Well, everyone needs help, Karl.
All right, I see what
you're getting at.
Fine, I'll come.
No, I wasn't getting at that.
-You don't need to.
-No, no.
It's not like I had a big
night out planned or anything,
and...like you said,
maybe I should care more
about these nutters.
-Karl, I wasn't--
-No, no.
I won't have you
besmirching my good name.
Besides, if anything
were to happen to you,
it would be muggins here
that would be stuck
with your caseload.
Okay, fine.
Just don't moan about the drive.
Me?
I wouldn't dream of it.
[Karl] How much further?
[Sat Nav] In a quarter of
a mile, turn right.
Are you sure you know
where you're going?
It's been a while since
I've been up this way.
I'm just following the sat nav.
[Sat Nav] In 150
yards, turn right.
Imagine living out here.
Boring.
I bet stinks as well.
You know, farms, cow shit
everywhere, not for me.
Is this it?
Where have you brought me?
I thought you weren't
going to moan.
Mm, it is pretty quiet.
It's like a bloody ghost town.
[Sat nav chiming]
[Sat Nav] GPS signal lost.
Looks like shes
given up the ghost.
[Imitating sat nav]
In 200 meters,
you will reach the
Twilight Zone. [chuckles]
Back again.
Maybe we should ask someone.
Yeah.
Who exactly?
-There.
-Where?
I thought I saw someone.
Never mind, perhaps
we should go back.
You're the boss.
Turn it off and turn
it back on again.
Bloody thing.
Oh, god, give it here.
We're not gonna be stuck
out here all night.
-I've got it.
-Seriously?
[knocking]
Evening.
You scared the shite out of me.
Sorry about that.
You two just look
a bit lost is all.
[Karl scoffing]
-You could say that.
-We're fine, thanks.
We're looking for 10 Bell Lane.
[somber music]
That place has been
closed for years.
Closed?
How do you mean?
Look, we're visiting a client.
Yeah, David Peirce.
And you two are?
Sorry, we're with
Social Services,
just checking up on him.
So you know where it is?
Next left, then half a mile.
You can't miss it.
Thanks.
You be careful.
Okay. Thanks for your help.
Fuck's sake, what
was that about?
People never forget, Karl.
Hmm, you got that right.
[car engine starting]
-[wind blowing]
-[somber music]
[Sat Nav] You have arrived.
This is it.
Things are looking up.
Don't get too excited.
Hasn't been open in years.
Not since his father was around.
The Twelve Bears?
Bells.
So his old man left
him this place.
Not too shabby.
Well, it is now.
Shame.
This place is so old.
How old do you think it is?
[knocking on door]
He's probably passed out drunk.
While we're on the subject,
can we hurry this along?
You said we'd be back by now.
Can you just focus on
the job for one minute?
He could be dead in
there for all we know.
Would that be the
end of the world?
How can you be
sure he's in there?
I mean, look at this place.
So what happened to the parents?
They were missing a while
back by the looks of it.
There's no record of the mum,
and the dad's car was found
near a reservoir in Bristol.
No sign of him?
An eye.
[Karl] Excuse me?
They found an eye
near the vehicle.
Jesus.
Bet he didn't see that coming.
[somber music]
[metal clanging]
Holy shit.
I think I found the cellar.
Mr. Peirce, we're here
from Social Services.
Can you come to
the door, please?
Brace yourself.
David?
I'm Jenna Riley,
your case worker,
and this is Karl
Stephens, my colleague.
We've had trouble
getting hold of you.
Do you mind if we come in?
[electricity crackling]
Mine's a Guinness, barkeep.
So, how are things, then?
Have you been looking
after yourself, David?
Shall we take a seat?
[objects clattering]
Do you think he's
got babe station?
Look at the state of this place.
So much for home visits.
So, as I said,
we've had trouble getting
hold of you, David.
Have you settled back in okay?
I read that you spent some
time up at Overlook Hospital,
and you've been back
now for almost a month?
Have you had any
help from anyone?
Family?
[floor creaking]
No?
So the reason we're here
is to check in on you,
see how you're doing,
that sort of thing.
I think you might benefit
from some help, David.
You know, just while
you get on your feet,
-help you adjust.
-I don't need any help.
[Jenna] Just someone
to help out, you know.
[David] If I needed help,
it wouldn't be from you.
David.
You have got to
look after yourself.
Do you have any food in?
So your parents ran this
place when you were a kid.
That must have been interesting.
Do you mind if I
have a look around?
-No, I don't--
-Okay, cool.
No, I don't want you
to go down there, wait.
Wow.
There really is no chance
of getting a pint, is there?
What a waste.
Now we're talking.
Do you play?
We should go back upstairs.
[quietly] Yes.
What's all this about?
We really shouldn't
be down here.
Did somebody break in?
They can't get in.
Who?
David, you don't have
anything here to eat.
We can sort something
out for you.
How?
It's not like they got
a 24-hour hour SPAR.
We're gonna have to come
back after the weekend.
Look, it's getting late, David.
I'm glad your okay,
but we're gonna
have to make a move.
Perhaps we can call back
tomorrow with some food.
We can't have you going
hungry out here until Monday.
We'll just see
ourselves out, okay?
You take care.
We'llcome back?
That's rich.
You're seriously
gonna come back here
on your day off, though?
You're definitely on
your own with that one.
I wouldn't advise it, Jen.
There's something
not right with him.
-Stop!
-[dramatic music]
I can't let you go out there.
David.
-Get back.
-Come on, mate.
[gun clacking]
Now.
Sit down.
What is this all about?
[David] I'm not
gonna let them in.
I'm not gonna let them.
They're not gonna come.
David?
Shut up!
This is for your own good.
It's nearly time.
They're coming.
Who, David?
-We're just here to help you--
-You can't help.
Not even if you knew.
Well, then, please tell us.
What are you doing
with that gun anyway?
Is it even loaded?
[inaudible]
Sod this.
-Sit down!
-Karl!
Sit down.
-It's not even loaded.
-Don't be stupid.
-Are you nuts?
-Me?
You think this is a joke?
You don't know what
they're capable of.
Get away from the door!
[somber music]
[Karl yawning]
It's getting late.
At least let us get some
sleep in one of those rooms.
One with a king size
bed if possible.
Let us go home, David, please.
[David] I can't let
you open the door.
They're waiting for me.
Who?
[David] I won't let them in.
They won't do the
same thing to me.
We won't let them
hurt you, David.
[clock ticking]
[Phone Operator] Thank
you for calling 999.
What's your emergency, please?
Shit!
David, please!
It's not too late.
Everything can go
back to normal,
you haven't done anything yet.
Apart from smashing
my bloody phone.
-Oh, shut up, Karl.
-Don't tell me to shut up.
It's all right for you, he
didn't smash your bloody phone.
Well, if you hadn't
aggravated him--
Shut up!
Someone had to do something.
-Well done, Karl.
-Oh, fuck off.
If you didn't have to
play the good Samaritan,
I'd be home by now, with my
feet up in front of the telly,
-with a beer--
-Both of you, shut up.
No one actually
asked you to come.
Yeah, well, what would've
happened if I hadn't?
Shut up.
It could've been far worse.
How could it have been worse--
Shut up!
-[dramatic music]
-[Karl and David grunting]
Karl!
No!
What is wrong with you?
Someone had to do something.
Well, what if the
gun had gone off?
Fine.
I won't bother next time.
Bloody hell.
And like I said,
it's not even loaded.
I think it's a replica.
-[Jenna gasping]
-[Karl laughing]
You twat.
I am so sorry.
Put the gun down before
you kill someone.
And let Kemper get
his hands on it?
Not a chance.
Karl, just...
Kemper?
Yeah, you know Edmund
Kemper, the co-ed killer.
Killed all those college girls.
Don't move!
Okay, I guess we
better call the police.
Would you mind?
Mine's been playing up.
[Jenna groaning]
-What?
-I left it in the car.
I couldn't get any
signal earlier.
Worth a try.
We'll have to sort
him out first.
[Jenna] What do you mean?
Well, he's dangerous.
We're gonna have
to restrain him.
Is it okay to do
that, do you think?
Under the circumstances.
You get the phone,
I'll wait here.
[Jenna] What if there
really was someone?
[Karl] What'd you mean?
What if he did see
someone out there?
[David] Don't go out there.
Him?
You're taking his word?
-No, but--
-He's as mad
as a box of beaver's balls.
-I'm warning you.
-Quiet, you.
Take a nap or something.
There could be someone.
You saw how the
policewoman was earlier.
People remember, Karl.
Come on.
Even if there is a pitchfork
wielding mob out there,
we'll be all right.
We're just doing our job.
Fine, give me the keys.
I'll go get it.
What, you just gonna
leave me here with?
What, he's not going anywhere.
Seriously?
Fuck.
[object creaking]
David, have you got a cat?
I think David's got a cat
around here somewhere.
Yeah?
[car engine whirring]
Oh ho, looks like this
nightmare is over.
We thought it was
safer to restrain David
until we could call for help.
Well, I can see the
logic in that at least.
He keeps saying
someone's after him.
Wouldn't be surprised.
What, that's all
you've got to say?
[sighing] Look, it was
awful what happened.
I mean, this used to be
a nice place to live.
But there's still a
lot of bad feeling.
Once word got out about it,
it wasn't long before
the holiday camp closed,
and then the
businesses followed,
and a lot of people moved away.
It just seemed to be
the death of this place.
Someone like that should
have been kept inside.
-That's not very--
-What?
He's been rehabilitated.
Yeah?
And how's that
worked out for you?
I'm gonna have to
call this one in.
If someone's been victimizing
him, we'll look into it.
You can come with me.
And you, you can
keep an eye on him.
[Jenna] He should
be looked after.
Well, I agree.
What's he even doing with a gun?
[dramatic music]
Who's there?
Stop where you are,
that's far enough.
[gun firing]
[Jenna whimpering]
[Karl grunting]
[music intensifies]
-[bones cracking]
-[Karl groaning]
[Karl coughing]
-[Karl crying]
-[Karl gagging]
[Karl coughing]
[Jenna panting]
Who the hell were they?
I told you not to go out.
Fuck!
What the fuck do we do now?
Did you see that?
Clean off.
Keep it together.
We've got to find
a way out of this.
Yeah.
-Okay.
-Oh, my god.
[both breathing deeply]
What the fuck was that?
Who the fuck are they?
What the fuck is going on?
Well?
[Jenna] Karl!
What?
He knows something!
He's said as much.
Fuck.
They're after him.
-First the cat, now this.
-The cat?
I found it hanging out the back.
They know what he did.
It's her, the girl he killed.
Where did you get this?
Your car.
-But--
-They put it there.
-Why would--
-They know what he did.
Who?
How the hell do I know?
There's more.
It says it's linked to a string
of other missing children.
Do you think there were others?
They do, whoever's out there.
Well, we're all in danger now.
No, this proves
they're only after him.
What, are you suggesting
that we give him up?
-Well, I mean, it's--
-We have a duty, Karl.
I'll do a lot for my job,
but I draw the line at
being decapita-- [gagging]
And what if they
don't stop at him?
We need his help.
We're outnumbered.
Now sort your fucking shit out.
I'm gonna untie you,
but if you try anything.
[David] They're back to
finish what they started.
What?
They didn't finish
the job 15 years ago,
and now they're back for me.
Who, David?
Why are they doing this?
For him.
The beast with many names.
What now?
Well?
Well, can you see them?
We gotta get in that car and
get the hell out of here.
How do you propose we do that?
We still have the shotgun.
We don't know what
we're dealing with.
Well, so we wait?
Well?
[Jenna] What is he doing?
[metal clanging]
Oh, for Christ's sake!
-Thank you, dickhead!
-Shit!
Brilliant.
Fuck!
You with the AA?
The police car's
around the corner.
What if they do the same?
We better get a wriggle on.
[somber music]
Go on then.
Why me?
Fine.
Be careful.
She's dead, Karl.
Yeah, well, you know.
Have you got 'em?
[Jenna] Ah, got 'em.
-[banging on door]
-[dramatic music]
Come on, come on.
We'll have to go out the back.
Create a distraction.
I don't know, Karl.
-We're gonna have to go to--
-[explosion rumbling]
Fuck!
Fuck, fucking fuck!
This fucking keeps
getting better and better.
Calm down!
This isn't doing any good.
They're here for him.
-Let's give him to them.
-No!
What are we waiting for?
He's had it coming for what
he did to that little girl.
-Karl, that's--
-Unprofessional?
Jen, you're a broken record.
-I didn't do it.
-What?
I didn't kill her.
Sure you didn't, Norman.
Are you done?
If we're gonna get through
this, we need to stay calm.
If you find anything,
mine's a double.
[David] Dad's van.
Dad's van?
[David] It's in the garage.
The keys.
Well, can we get to the garage?
Well, it's worth a try at least.
Maybe he's right, we
should just wait it out.
Wait for what?
Morning.
Morning?
What, you think the milkman's
gonna come and save you?
Look around you, Jen, this
could be our last chance.
Someone might've seen that.
-The cellar.
-What?
We'll be safe down there.
We'll be fucking
trapped down there.
Okay, then.
We'll get at it
through the back.
I didn't see any of
them round there.
We'll have a clear
shot at the garage.
But we've got to find
those keys first.
-[glass shattering]
-[Jenna screaming]
Oh, fuck!
[dramatic music]
[Karl grunting]
Fucking, not the gun, no!
Fuck, can you see it?
[Jenna screaming]
Fucking shoot it!
[Jenna gasping]
[creature shrieking]
[Karl grunting]
[Jenna grunts]
[Jenna panting]
What do we do now?
David, grab an end.
[Karl panting]
[creature shrieking]
The cellar, Karl?
Really?
What are you doing?
I don't know about you,
but I need a drink.
[creature screaming]
What kind of a
fucking bar is this?
Under there.
[David] You're a dark horse.
It was Dad's.
Vintage.
None for me.
Oh yeah?
Here's to us.
[exhaling]
To continued
commitment to the job.
Here's to doing our duty.
Stop it, Karl.
You finished?
There's still a bit left.
Well, I think that's enough.
David, where are
the keys to the van?
You're not still considering
going out there are you?
Did you see that thing?
What the fuck was that?
David?
You seemed to know
they were coming.
What are they?
Not them.
Not them?
You were expecting someone else?
Does it matter?
It doesn't change anything.
You're the one that
wanted to get out.
Maybe it's not such a bad
thing to wait till morning.
Maybe they'll burn
up or something.
Vampires, Karl?
Oh, yeah, like
that's outrageous.
Well, what are they, then?
Did you see its eyes?
You've seen too many films.
Well, what, then?
Spice?
I've seen spice do
a lot of crazy shit,
but I've never seen
someone on spice
tear a person's head clean off.
Whatever.
David, we've got
to find the keys.
Feel free to chime in
with your thoughts.
So what was it, then?
Did your dad beat you?
Did he like a drink?
Is that why you did it?
I didn't do anything.
Sure you didn't.
So why are we in this mess?
Because of what they did.
Who are they, David?
[banging on walls]
[keys jingling]
Hey.
What the hell is this?
Did David do this?
Is that him?
I'm sure it is.
What the hell is this?
A cult?
Michael Peirce,
oh shit, his dad.
Look.
There.
It's her, the missing girl.
[banging on walls]
[objects clattering]
That girl went missing
from a campsite.
So?
So what's she doing here
with David's family?
-Holy shit.
-What?
What if it wasn't just David?
[Jenna] What do you mean?
The girl, what if it
wasn't just David involved?
There was many more
by the looks of it.
Oh, come on, Karl, really?
I've heard of these cults.
Devil worship, human sacrifice.
Who knows what they were up to?
And what about them out there?
[Karl] I don't know.
[David screaming in distance]
[dramatic music]
[Jenna] David!
David!
No, you can't!
[Karl] Fucking help
him, you useless prick!
Whoa, what?
He's gone, Jenna, it's no good.
Get off me!
I can't let them have him.
I'm sorry.
[Jenna groaning]
-Fuck!
-[glass shattering]
[Jenna panting]
Maybe they'll go away now.
They got what they
wanted, right?
[banging on walls]
I don't think so.
Well, what the fuck?
He's the one they were after!
And that thing in the cellar?
Would you stop trying
to apply logic to this?
Christ.
I don't fucking think so!
What did you do that for?
I need you sober.
Yeah, well, I fucking don't.
[somber music]
It just doesn't make sense.
[Karl sighing]
So why did things never
go anywhere with us?
Is this really the time, Karl?
I can't think of a better time.
Probably the last chance,
come to think of it.
Some people just
don't mesh, I guess.
-Good stock answer there.
-What do you want me to say?
We work together.
-Now I remember.
-What?
The job.
What's that supposed to mean?
You're not allowed
to have a life.
Bit of fun sometimes.
Maybe...
Maybe what?
Maybe we wouldn't be stuck
out in the middle of nowhere
on a Friday night
with the horde of hell
breathing down our necks.
-Fuck this job.
-[both laughing]
Mm?
[Jenna] What is it?
Hang on.
What is it?
I read about this in the news.
It was around Halloween
last year, he went missing.
They recently found his body.
When did David get out?
It was about a month ago.
This one couldn't have been him.
-And the old man,
-What?
maybe he's not dead.
-The cult, Halloween--
-Come on.
Halloween, Samhain, I
saw it in a documentary.
These ancient druids
would gather up all the
children for sacrifice.
We need to get out of here.
-Karl.
-Oh, yeah.
We go through the cellar.
The cellar?
Past that thing?
It's the best way
to get to the van.
You think?
At the very least,
maybe his dad'll have another
stash of whiskey down there.
That's the spirit.
Good one.
Never mind.
[tape ripping]
[gun clacking]
Let's go.
Where is it?
Wait.
Karl.
[creature growling]
[gun firing]
[Karl gasping]
[creature shrieking]
Fucking hell!
Not again!
David?
What happened?
It's good to see you, buddy.
I thought I had it there.
What happened?
We thought you were...
You came back.
Yeah, you've got the truck keys.
I can't drive.
How did you get away?
[David] I got through the hatch.
What, just like that?
They didn't get you?
[David] I ran.
The hatch?
Don't worry, I locked it.
Well, it is good
to see you, David.
Karl?
[somber music]
What the hell?
What is this, David?
I must've read this
a thousand times.
You slept down here?
They kept me here until
it was his time to ascend.
Who to ascend?
The beast?
Come on, David, you can't
believe that sort of crap.
What'd you think
has been happening?
Those things out there
are a part of it somehow,
I can feel it.
I thought that the followers,
the acolytes had
returned for me,
but it seems that someone
has been continuing his work.
His time has begun.
[gun thuds]
[Jenna chanting in
foreign language]
[chains clanking]
Jenna?
What are you doing?
Jenna untie us.
Trick or treat, Karl?
All Hallows Eve, 15 years
ago, in this very room,
we started something.
What are you talking about?
Jenna untie us.
-This isn't right.
-Right?
What would you know about right?
-You're a worm, Karl.
-This isn't you Jenna.
No, it's not, because
Jenna was never real.
Now you're fucking scaring me.
They all get scared before
their eyes go black.
No, not you.
You don't know me, Karl.
I've lived this lie
for long enough.
Dealing with the dregs of
humanity, it sickens me.
The lame and helpless.
The species is weak.
He will strengthen us.
You're scaring the
shit out of me.
What's going through your head?
-You've fucking lost it.
-Can't you see?
All these years I've been in
hiding, running from the light.
Now I have David here.
He's home, we're home.
On this day, I can
finish it, begin again.
You were in those pictures.
You're catching up at last.
-And the rest of the cult?
-Cult?
Only the smallest of minds
would see it that way.
Sorry, the rest of the
rejects from the loony bin.
Do not speak ill of them.
I'm the only one left,
left to serve him.
Him, Jenna?
Pull yourself together.
He is all around us, Karl.
You will weep at his majesty.
What are you babbling about?
You killed them kids.
Mm-hmm, just a small offering.
But this, the one that got away
before we could
complete the ceremony.
You were always so feeble.
You have escaped your
fate for long enough,
but you will fulfill
your destiny.
'Tis a shame your
father couldn't be here
to see us bring back
the morning star.
The what?
You killed them little
kids for a star?
You're fucking mental.
I can't believe I
was gonna shag you.
Bitch!
Idiot.
None of it matters now anyway.
When the virgin's blood
spills on this altar,
Oh, David.
[Jenna] we will
finish what we started
-all those years ago.
-How can you be sure
he's a virgin?
I mean, he spent a
long while in jail.
You hear stories about
soap and showers--
We will complete the ritual,
and Lucifer will
walk the earth again.
'Tis a pity I don't have
anything better to offer him
than you, Karl, but needs must.
Oh, Jesus.
You really are off your rocker.
-You think the Devil is--
-Silence!
That's why you came here.
Why did you have
to drag me into it?
You dragged yourself in, moron.
And those things outside.
They're after you.
They're not after
David, the poor fucker.
He was telling the
truth all along.
It was you that was after him.
Jenna, you gotta stop this.
You've opened the gates of hell.
What am I talking about?
This is fuckin mental.
Fuck!
Jenna, you don't know
what you've unleashed.
Those things are
gonna kill us all.
Silence!
Or I will not give you the honor
of being the first rendered
unto the dark lord.
Yeah?
-That's not much of a threat.
-No?
Instead I will cut your balls
off and let you bleed out.
[Jenna chanting in
foreign language]
[chains clanking]
[dramatic music]
[Jenna screaming]
[Karl panting]
David, David, come
on, we gotta go.
[somber music]
Come on, come on.
Ah, shit, come on.
Come on.
[creatures shrieking]
Karl!
Drive.
-[Karl panting]
-[Jenna panting]
[Karl] Okay.
You fucking idiot.
You broke the ritual.
I've waited 15 years.
[tires screeching]
[glass shattering]
[somber music]
[Karl gasping]
-[Jenna screaming]
-[dramatic music]
I'm gonna fucking kill you!
[Jenna] Karl, you motherfucker!
Karl!
I'm gonna rip your
fucking guts out!
[gun firing]
Karl, you can't hide,
you fucking worm!
[Karl panting]
He's coming for you, Karl.
You've earned this, you
fucking-- [screaming]
No!
No, no!
[Jenna screaming and moaning]
-No!
-[solemn music]
No!
-[slashing]
-[Jenna gasping]
[birds chirping]
Cheers.
Rough night?
You wouldn't believe
me if I told you.
[chuckling] You'd be surprised.
I had some schooling,
but they threw me away
For being in prison
and refusing to pray
But still I'm grateful for
the things that I learned
And I learned
You gotta burn
I knew a woman that
was nothing but fine
Her only weakness
was a gallon of wine
Come home one evening,
surprised what I find
But I learned,
learned, learned
You've gotta burn
You got to burn across
the sky like a flame
You gotta burn
You got to burn before
they give you a name
You gotta burn
You got to burn until
the kingdom has came
And then you
learn, learn, learn
Ow
Some velvet morning, you'll
wake up and you'll find
A nest of vipers
crawling out of your mind
The sun don't shine
with any reason or rhyme
It's time you turned,
turned, turned
Oh yeah, you gotta burn
You got to burn across
the sky like a flame
You gotta burn
You got to burn before
they give you a name
You gotta burn
You got to burn until
the kingdom has came
You gotta burn
You've got to burn, ooh
You've got to
burn, burn, burn
You gotta burn
You gotta burn, burn, burn
You gotta burn, burn
You gotta burn
You gotta burn, ooh ooh